hello hello, friends, how are you welcome?
to my channel world of toys the day of
Today I'm going to show you these bean
hence they are called watkins and bean
means bean in Spanish
see these beans are 5 and these
joaquin are from series 1 and here we
shows all that we can
collect see are many are 32
the beans that we can collect
all right
good little friends and this package 35 here
says fai puck fine art collection and
let's see who gets us out here
let's open it
one more
I like it
good friend, look how they sound like
They are very heavy
see this looks like batman well
it just seems but it's not going to see how
it's called the mean little friends this is the
uac ibi number one this is called super
hero people
let's see here we have another
this seems to be asleep well
is snoring
This is called the fire men
like the tired fireman see that
funny if all of me thought that it
they opened but they do not open they're like that
inside they have something that they are pretty
heavy is like a
It's like a little bean of metal those who
they have inside and it makes them pretty
heavy but can not be opened
they're just like that to see let's see what
other
here we have this wow esteban that looks
This is scary
this is a pirate see
and it looks good bad
good friends this is like a cow
tired she seems to be eating grass
in curious and finally this here and
this one here says he's a hippie
all right
how funny is it true
the good one to milito see here are the
five beans not five watkins yes
little friends
just as it has been like a nutcase or
crazy like beans cosos
Crazy people in Spanish
I think they have a very good name
do not believe because the truth is these
characters of these beans and they look
like they are like crazy like
crazy
and good friends the truth is that I
I thought they were going to bring something inside
but they can not be opened so it's that
that's all for today, my friends, I have more
packages of these nutty beans if
they want to see more to complete the
collection so let me know in the
comments
subscribe to my channel if you have not
subscribed yet leave me your likes your
comments and follow me on facebook we
we see in the next video little friends
see you later
bye